[Ritsu] Hm? What's that?
[narrator] At the same time
that Ritsu was mistaking Dimple
for some sort of creepy-looking balloon…
-[rock music plays]
-…the rumors going around about Mob,
who had bested Hanazawa, shadow leader
of Black Vinegar Middle School,
started to take on a life of their own.
White T Poison.
This was the title given to Mob,
whose identity had yet to be revealed.
[Fuji] White T Poison.
-I'll be the one to defeat him!
-[Miso gang gasps]
MISO MIDDLE SCHOOL'S GANG LEADER:
FUJI
GANG LEADER: KENZAKI
I'm gonna defeat this Poison guy,
make him admit that I'm the best.
GANG LEADER: AKAGI
So the next target is Salt Middle School.
GANG LEADER: GOZU
White T Poison will make excellent prey.
[Bandai] This is my chance to shine.
[narrator] And so, the rumor mill
continued churning out of control.
The fierce battle to see
who would take down White T Poison
was about to begin.
[music fades]
["99" playing]
♪ If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ One, two, three, four, five ♪
♪ Six, seven, eight, nine, ten ♪
♪ Eleven, twelve, thirteen
Fourteen, fifteen ♪
♪ Sixteen, seventeen
Eighteen, nineteen, twenty ♪
♪ Twenty-one, twenty-two
Twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Twenty-six, twenty-seven
Twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Thirty-one, thirty-two
Thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Thirty-six, thirty-seven
Thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Mob, Mob, what do you want? ♪
♪ Mob, Mob, why do you want?
Mob, Mob ♪
♪ Who do you want?
Move, move, just like Mob! ♪
♪ If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Your life is your own, okay? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Eighty-one, eighty-two
Eighty-three, eighty-four ♪
♪ Eighty-five, eighty-six, eighty-seven
Eighty-eight, eighty-nine, ninety ♪
♪ Ninety-one, ninety-two
Ninety-three, ninety-four, ninety-five ♪
♪ Ninety-six, ninety-seven
Ninety-eight, ninety-nine! ♪
[song concludes]
EXALTATION
~I'VE OBTAINED LOSS~
[intriguing music playing]
Whew! Thanks for the help!
Somehow I managed to make it back
from the particle level all by myself.
But my spiritual energy
was way less than it used to be.
So I couldn't get back
into the house anymore.
It appears that low-level spirits
can't go anywhere near this place
simply because Shigeo lives here.
[Ritsu] What is that?
Some kinda talking
jellyfish-looking thing?
I know what needs to be done.
Huh? Wanna shake hands?
-[Ritsu] I have to exorcise it!
-[Dimple] Wait a second! [groans]
Stop kneeing me in the face already!
I'm not a threat! I'm Shigeo's friend!
-You're what?
-You could even call me his mentor.
I'll let you off the hook this time,
because you were obviously confused
and panicked. But that aside,
I've got a proposition.
How about you and I team up?
-No thanks.
-Hey, let's not be so hasty.
Wait a second, just hear me out.
You've only recently awakened
your psychic powers, right?
[Ritsu gasps] What?
I have psychic powers now?
The fact that you can see me
is proof of your newfound abilities.
The name's Dimple.
I'm what most people would call a ghost.
So are my psychic powers
only strong enough
to allow me to see ghosts like you?
Hm. Well, I see you haven't realized
how to use them yet.
Go ahead.
You should be able to do that now,
just like your brother.
[Ritsu] I shouldn't get my hopes up.
Hm? What's the matter?
[Ritsu] Doing anything like this
is way out of my reach.
-[shivers]
-[Dimple] What's with him?
Does he have a complex or something?
Well, that's understandable,
given who his brother is and all.
[Ritsu] It… it's… it's not…
I can't do it! [gasps]
Dimple! It's not bending!
Hey, relax, kid.
[Ritsu] What the--
Did I do that?
-[chuckles]
-[Dimple] Join me, little Ritsu.
Join me and I'll help you
surpass your brother.
[Ritsu gasps]
Surpass my brother?
Is that even possible?
I can be more powerful than Shige?
Sure you can
if you'll let me use your body.
-Uh. Ritsu's not eating with us?
-[slurps]
I guess he's not hungry.
-I wonder what could be wrong with him.
-[slurps]
Is he upset about something?
No. In fact, he seems oddly happy.
[Ritsu] How do I get to the point
where I can use my powers freely?
It's better to actually try them out,
rather than explain, little Ritsu.
Stop calling me that.
Fine, then. Plain old Ritsu it is.
Now, how 'bout you close your eyes,
and relax your entire body.
[laughs] Prepare for possession, you fool!
Now your body's mine for the taking!
-[electricity crackling]
-[Dimple chuckles] What?!
I've possessed him,
but I can't control him?
Uh. Hey, Dimple. Where'd you go?
[Dimple] It's because
my spiritual powers
have become so weak. Damn it!
[whirring]
[school bell chimes]
[student 1] I heard the student council
took care of the problem.
[student 2] You mean
with the pervy gang leader?
[student 3] Wow, way to go.
[student 4] They're the heroes
of the school.
[Kamuro] Yamazaki, year two, class four.
-I'd like a word with you.
-[ominous music playing]
Huh? What do you want?
Your coat. It isn't buttoned.
[Yamazaki] So what? Buzz off.
I can do it.
Now, I can use psychic powers, Dimple.
[Dimple] That's because
I'm helping to regulate their output.
But rest assured, these abilities
have always been there, lying dormant.
And it's my guess that
the reason they came out now
is due to some radical change
in your emotional state.
Have you endured some
"way-above-average" stress levels lately?
Like pooping your pants in public,
or getting caught peeking
into the girls' locker room?
What kind of a question is that?
I'd never do those things.
I was joking, Ritsu.
Don't be so damn serious.
Oh. That's right.
You're an honor student, aren't ya?
Then, what is it?
Did you do something bad?
[Kamuro] A rumor's going around
that you're stealing
the girls' gym clothes.
Huh? The hell are you talkin' about?
[Kamuro] The student council
did some investigating.
And what'd we find out, Kageyama?
We discovered some of
the girl's gym clothes
tucked away and hidden in your bag.
[gasps] What?!
-You guys are lyin'!
-[Kamuro] Deny it if you want,
-but that may not go so well for you.
-[gasps]
You see, the school's
been very strict with deviants lately.
[gasps]
[Kamuro] But I'm here
to offer you a way out of this.
Simply admit Onigawara ordered you
to do these things.
If you comply,
-you're merely another victim.
-[shivers]
Sound good? Now button up.
[narrator] Using these
and other similar methods,
the whole school was cleaned up,
turning it into
the optimal environment for academics.
However, because of the considerably
immoral strategy that was used
upon certain delinquent students
to accomplish this outcome,
a deep scar would
be forever engraved on their lives.
And the two student council members
saddled with this task
had to live with that burden.
-So they either became drunk with power…
-[Kamuro laughs]
…feeling a delusional sense
of accomplishment,
-or they suffered greatly.
-[Ritsu breathes heavily]
[Dimple] Whoa!
Ritsu, your power's grown even more!
[Ritsu] I see, corruption and guilt…
those are the things
that become fuel for my powers.
Whatever you're doing, it is working!
What's the matter?
Something eating at you?
[Ritsu] Dimple,
you just won't stop talking.
-Oh?
-[Ritsu] Tell me.
If I could control my powers on my own,
would I be able to make you disappear?
[Dimple] Wait,
is his personality changing, too?
[music fades]
Whoa! Seriously?
Amazing. That's incredible, Kageyama!
Want me to keep going?
If you'd like to see a bigger example,
I could fold your car in half.
[Mitsuura] What?! [breathes heavily]
What in the hell's gotten into him?
[car horn honking]
[sighs] Excuse me.
May I help you with something?
I heard from Kamuro that you're the one
who's been planting
all that false evidence around.
Tell me, are you the one who framed us?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
-Dimple.
-Leave it to me.
Even if I did do such a thing…
-[tense music playing]
-…now it's too late.
[grunts] Why, you little…
Who in the hell do you think we are?
[grunts]
[gasps, screams]
[pants]
That does it! Get him!
-[all scream]
-You're dead meat!
-[chuckles]
-[music fades]
-[girl 1] A fight.
-[girl 2] Scary!
[girl 1] But isn't that guy's hair,
like, totally amazing? Check it out!
-[girl 2] You're right!
-[girl 3] Whoa!
[Teru] Hey, you there.
-What's up?
-[Dimple gasps] That's…
I think you've done enough.
TOP OF TERU'S HEAD 150%
If you depend on that, you'll get hurt.
-You've got the wrong idea about this.
-[camera shutters clicking]
I know. You think you're really special.
It's hard looking at someone
who reminds me of the way I used to be.
-[intriguing music playing]
-Consider this a warning.
Don't try to live relying
on psychic powers.
[Ritsu gasps]
Are you another esper like me?
I have no idea who you are,
but I have no need
to take warnings from you.
Don't mess with this guy!
He's not someone you can beat!
[Ritsu] I'm sure he's not much different
from the people at the Awakening Lab.
I wanna size up our powers.
Ritsu? You idiot! Don't do it!
[gasps]
Why, thank you for the handshake.
I'm Teruki Hanazawa. Pleasure.
[gasps] Don't try to fight him!
Let go! Now!
Having trouble standing, are you?
[chuckles] You're so young.
[wind howling]
-[girls scream]
-[Teru gasps]
[music fades]
[wobbly rattling]
Now's your chance! Run for it!
[Ritsu pants]
[Ritsu] I was surprised
at how strong he was, back there.
Maybe it's 'cause
his brain's so developed.
Could that coincide with his power level?
No. His brain's not huge. That was a wig.
Though I'm not sure why he was wearing it.
[Ritsu] I'm so frustrated.
How could I lose
to someone other than my brother?
Dimple,
I wanna get even stronger.
So I won't lose to anyone ever again.
-[car horns honking]
-[woman gasps] Little boy?
-Hm?
-[woman] Do you have a moment?
[chuckles]
Huh?
[musical beeping and chiming]
-[mysterious music playing]
-[woman] This is the Vase of Happiness.
A renowned potter put his heart
and soul into making it a one of a kind.
Anyone who buys this item
will surely be blessed.
Now it normally goes
for about 2.5 million yen,
but I'll make you a deal.
800,000 yen just for you.
-I don't have that kind of money.
-Then I'll drop the price to 500,000.
Well, I don't have 500,000 yen, either.
Running low on funds?
Just call your mommy and ask her.
SEASONING BANK
I'm pretty sure my mom
also wouldn't buy it.
[woman] This isn't over yet, kid.
Hey, why don't you touch it?
The grainy texture feels so nice.
-Here.
-[Mob] Uh, I can't really tell.
-[gasps]
-[woman chuckles]
-[Mob] That was close.
-[woman] How did he--
[grunts]
-[woman] You should be careful.
-[music fades]
-[lightning crashes]
-[gasps]
-Hey, you broke it.
Wait! I… I didn't--
[woman] What?
You're going to say it was my fault?
-Uh, no, but--
-[woman] Look, little boy.
Problems that you can solve with money
are better than those that you can't.
-Got it?
-Oh, what a run of bad luck.
-Did you break that, sir?
-[tense music playing]
Do you have a phone?
-Uh, I don't--
-[phone rings]
-[Mob gasps]
-[man] That rang at the perfect time.
Why don't you answer it?
[Reigen] Now what are you doing, Mob?
Why'd you make me come down here, anyway?
You know I'm taking a meeting soon.
[shivers]
Would you happen
to be this boy's guardian, sir?
-Oh, I get it.
-[man] It's 5,000,000 yen to replace this.
You mean that huge piece of junk?
No way it's worth that.
Wait, what'd you say?
Listen, you don't seem
to know how things work.
-Maybe I'll teach you a lesson.
-[music fades]
-[Reigen] Ow! Ow! Ow!
-Huh?
-You totally cracked my clavicle.
-[grunts]
That's gonna cost you, my friend.
[man] Huh?
The hospital will fix me up
for about a million yen.
Oh, you can't be serious, you dumbass!
That's outrageous!
[Reigen] Verbal abuse
causes psychological damage.
So, that's gonna be another million.
-Listen, you!
-You've got bad breath.
Subjecting me to it's another million.
[man] What the hell?
[Reigen] Your voice
is causing me ear damage.
-That'll be another million.
-[gasps]
Look. You frayed my shirt.
Then, that's one more million
for garment damage.
[both gasp]
Now, that's equal to what
he owes you for the vase.
I'm no stranger to the kind
of business you guys are running.
-Come on, Mob. Let's go.
-[music fades]
-You're not goin' anywhere.
-There's no escape!
This boy's misfortune was decided
the moment he broke the Vase of Happiness.
I'd hate for anything bad
to happen to him!
-[ominous music playing]
-[Reigen] "Misfortune"? "Bad things"?
Before I came here,
I was talking to someone
who'd been haunted by an evil spirit.
Apparently, it can be passed along,
and now the spirit's haunting me.
I hear strange noises at night,
weird things keep popping up in pictures,
doors open and shut on their own.
It becomes unbearable.
Who knows? The spirit might
have transferred to you guys by now.
Be careful when you go to bed tonight.
Huh? A haunting?
Doesn't feel too great, does it?
That's pretty much exactly
what you guys are doing.
-[both laugh]
-A ghost?
What are you, a little kid? So scary!
[both gasp]
-[shatters]
-[both shriek]
-[rumbling]
-[both whimper]
[both scream]
[Reigen] That sure
shut those two up quick.
And I gotta say,
that last bit was great, Mob.
Huh?
You shook the building
to scare them, didn't ya?
Nuh-uh.
I thought all that was you
sending the evil spirit after those two.
-Wait a second.
-[Reigen slurps]
-Are you saying you couldn't see--
-[Reigen] Come on.
[grunts softly] Of course I could see it.
I can't believe them.
Con artists are terrible people.
The worst of the worst.
You said it.
Only the lowest of the low try
to take advantage of someone's weakness
and exploit it for their own gain.
-[intriguing music plays]
-[Tokugawa] What? You as well?
Yes. He said, "So, you're trash, too?"
And all I was doing
was chewing some gum during class.
[Tokugawa] Kamuro, this school
doesn't belong to you.
We still have other pieces
of trash to deal with.
-Let's keep things moving.
-[Ritsu] You plan to continue this?
[Kamuro] Come on.
You're not going to suggest
we stop, are you?
[Ritsu] No. It's just that
you make me feel sick, that's all.
You get off on this, don't you?
[chuckles] I was correct
in choosing you as an accomplice.
If you knew,
why did you decide to help me?
[Ritsu inhales] Because I was tired.
Just tired of being myself. Of everything.
Maybe I wanted to find out
what it would feel like to be a fool.
There's more to it than that.
In the end, it made us both popular.
You and I have become
the heroes of this entire school.
So "looks-too-old-for-school" guy
wanted to be popular?
-[fence rattling]
-[Ritsu] I, on the other hand,
-have obtained a much bigger world.
-[music fades]
-[phone beeping]
-By the way, President,
did you happen
to find any telepaths out there?
If I did, I wouldn't
be here now, would I?
Inukawa! You can't put a bomb there!
That's cheating!
Kurata, would you mind being
a little quieter, please?
'Cause I've still got
a few more things I wanna say over here.
-[Tome] Oh. Sorry.
-[Onigawara] Musashi, that's enough.
[Musashi] No, it's not! Now, man up!
Go to class, Onigawara!
-[wobbly boing]
-I've got no place there.
I mean, none of my friends
will even talk to me anymore.
-[door opens]
-Oh, a visitor.
[gasps] The student council president!
I see this place is as rotten
as the rumors led me to believe.
More to the point,
what are you doing on campus, Onigawara?
Infiltrating the school
when you haven't been showing up to class?
No! But I can't stay at home! If I do,
-my mom will ask me why I'm not--
-[Musashi] Listen to me, President.
Onigawara didn't do what you think he did.
Should I have you all dealt with
for being his accomplices?
'Cause, don't forget,
I have the power to do so.
-[Musashi] What?
-[student] President,
some weird guy just showed up
at the school gates.
What should we do?
It never ends.
The problems pile up one after another.
DOUBANJIANG MIDDLE SCHOOL GANG LEADER
So who are you guys?
I told the other nerd
that I'm here for White T Poison!
-[tense music playing]
-White T Poison? What on earth is that?
[Kenzaki] Don't play dumb!
He's the talk of all the thugs right now.
I'll deal with him, President.
That should settle things.
[Kenzaki groans]
[Kamuro] Whoa! You really laid him out!
[Ritsu] It was done in self-defense.
Not to mention,
they were students from another school,
so it shouldn't matter.
[Kamuro] Not only is he willing
to get into a fight,
he's incredibly strong, too.
[gang member] Hey. Are you
the guy that knocked out Kenzaki?
-Huh?
-Who's better known as White T Poison?
Wh… what are you?
I was just watching, I didn't--
[gang member] And who the hell
is White T Poison?!
-I don't--
-[crow cawing]
[music fades]
That's enough! It's time to stop this!
-Man, you look awful.
-[Kamuro] This is all your fault!
I became a victim because of you!
You taught a gang leader
from another school a lesson!
-Don't you understand?
-If that's true, then so be it.
He got what was coming to him.
[whimpers]
-[tense music playing]
-You're kidding me! No! Not again!
MAYO MIDDLE SCHOOL GANG LEADER
Are you that White T Poison guy?
[Kamuro whimpering]
[screams]
[Kamuro's dad] Oh, it's you, Tokugawa.
Shinji doesn't wanna see anyone right now.
Is that so?
-[Ritsu] Disgusting.
-[sobs]
For someone who wanted
to get rid of the garbage,
you should've started with your own room.
-[Kamuro shudders]
-[music fades]
[Kamuro] H… how did you get in here?
No matter.
Either way, we still have trash
to contend with at school.
No way! I'm done with all of that!
Get out of here!
It's too late.
We've both done something unforgivable
with our roles in this.
No one's going to save us, understand?
-[whimpers]
-[pensive music playing]
[Ritsu] It seems the puppet's been broken.
The school is finally clean.
[Dimple] So now whatcha gonna do?
You know thugs from other schools
are gonna keep showin' up.
With these powers,
I can do whatever I want.
Yeah! You could be
a psychic superstar!
Dimple,
you're trying to use me
as well, aren't you?
Huh? What are you talking about, Ritsu?
We're partners! I'm on your side!
NOODLE SOUP BASE MIDDLE SCHOOL GANG LEADER
SOY SAUCE MIDDLE SCHOOL GANG LEADER
MAYO MIDDLE SCHOOL GANG LEADER
MISO MIDDLE SCHOOL GANG LEADER
-Oh, here they come.
-More than usual today.
[Teru] I came to see
what was going on and, of course…
Are you that White T Poison guy
who beat Hanazawa and Kenzaki?
[Teru] What?!
Is he pretending to be Kageyama?
Think things'll finally be settled
once I deal with you guys,
so let's just say you found your man.
[Teru] It looks like I'm gonna have
to ask him about this, myself.
[Koyama] I found something interesting.
I believe he's the one
you were looking for.
I'll apprehend him and head back.
But before that, I should watch
for a bit and see how good he is.
Possession.
-[wind roaring]
-[electricity buzzing]
All right. Let's get this over with.
[gang member] Oh! You think
it's gonna be that easy?!
-Get ready for a pounding!
-[indistinct clamoring]
Don't stop! Go get him, you chickens!
-We would but we can't move!
-[all grunting]
Hey, Dimple. Let's go all out.
[gang members scream]
Now's my chance!
Huh?
-[screams]
-[gasps]
[both groan]
Your magic tricks
won't work on me, White T Pois--
[groans]
[gang member 1] Hey, what's goin' on here?
[gang member 2]
Is White T Poison doing that?
[Bandai] Maybe,
but he can't stop all of us!
Let's charge him!
-[gang members gasp]
-Don't worry, I won't judge any of you.
I've come to understand something.
When people wander from
the right path in their lives,
there usually isn't any reason.
I guess it's always been that way.
I'm facing enemies
that have lost the will to fight,
moving forward for the sake of violence.
There's no reason there.
This kind of freedom is strong.
Boundless. I'm much freer than all of you.
Why, you ask? I'll tell you.
Because I've lost my limits.
-I've obtained loss.
-[music fades]
[all groan]
[footsteps approaching]
[Ritsu gasps]
It's you. What are you doing, Ritsu?
["Refrain Boy" playing]
[song concludes]
[Reigen] The brothers confront
each other in an alley after school.
Suddenly, an adult esper we've
previously seen appears out of nowhere.
Hey, Mob, that guy's really bad news!
Next time on Mob Psycho 100,
episode eight,
"The Older Brother Bows
~Destructive Intent~."
I recommend the convenient
option A with the Blu-ray set!